GitHub health files (#206)
BioPhoton/rx-angular: .github/SUPPORT.md

# Support

> This project has a [Code of Conduct][coc].
> By interacting with this repository, organisation, or community you agree to
> abide by its terms.

Welcome to RxAngular!  👋

> The toolkit for fully reactive as well as zone-less applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolkit for fully reactive, high performance angular applications.
```

We’re excited that you’re using this repository and we’d love to help.
To help us help you, please read through the following guidelines.

> Please understand that people involved with this project often do so for fun,
> next to their day job; you are not entitled to free customer service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please understand that people involved with this project often do so in their spare time besides their daily business. You are not entitled to free customer service.
```
